That fake card has been removed and is still here.
If you're really perfunctory
Then buy this store.
See if your fake card can withdraw money.
Okay, immediately contact your boss.
I can pay now.
On the contrary, this procedure you determine is adequate.
Do you have my ability?
You finally remember that I am Than Bat Tien Kinh.
I'm talking about him.
I know we're both not real.
Are you doubting Miss Lam's strength?
Just a high end store.
It's just Miss Lam's daily allowance.
Great lady.
Please help these two poor devils open their eyes.
Where do I buy electricity?
Cortin, you really love me, right?
Of course.
So in this case
To show your sincerity
Please help me buy this store.
She doesn't want to.
So I can't get down.
Hey, don't, don't, don't.
This person really lied to me, where will he get so much money now?
But pay up.
You can receive signed orders from Bang Dien Group.
Until then, do the experiment.
I can't bear to leave my child behind so I can't catch the wolf
Is one hundred million not enough?
I paid 2 billion.
Contact you now
I paid 3 billion 4 billion.
This posture is becoming more and more outrageous.
On a side note, where did you get so much money?
If he really wants this store
But not as good as me.
If you keep it, immediately take this from Long Xuyen number one.
The costume shop is going to buy it for me.